# The-Wealthy

Recently, I have been studying very wealthy people to understand what got them through their wealth and made them what they are today. As I look back, only one word comes to mind: prediction. If you look at all the wealthy people they have made predictions on something in which they were right which allowed them to have mass fortunes. For example, for investors to be wealthy, they need to make investments that will have a signincant value in the econonmy yet no one is rooting for it. This is how they become wealthy, if everyone believed it was the next big thing and in fact it was the next big thing, then investors wouldn't be able to rack up mass fortunes because the wealth will be distirubuted to everyone else as well. Even now, i do get pretty shocked because something as small as making predictions can someone very wealthy. But, we make predictions everyday, unconciously, we don't even know it. But the wealthy make concious decision adn they hold massive self belief in every one of their predictions. Well you might say, there probally wrong majority of the time. Turns out, your not wrong. Most investors do get a lot of their investments wrong but they only have to be right once. They might have had four failed investments and the fifth one is the jackpot. Who knows. But know they making predictions because they are in already in a state of wealth. When they were early entrprenuers, did they also make predictions. Well actually, they did. But instead of investing in a multitude of ideas, they put thier heart in one and went all in. You see it now like Nvidia, which they went all in with those mircoprocessors. But the scary thing about making predictions is you have to be told your wrong, many many times by many many people even by those you love deeply. 
